hi there I'm Steve Owens and you're in
Steve's kitchen and welcome and a happy
st. Patrick's Day to everybody today I'm
gonna make one of my favorite Irish
dishes colcannon it is delightful now an
Irishman and a kangaroo go into a bar
well if you want to know the answer to
that or the punch line what's the end of
the video let's get on and make
colcannon
so first of all we want to get those
potatoes on and cooking now depending on
the amount of people you're serving you
need to take your potatoes peel and cut
them up we've put them into a saucepan
here and we've just covered them over
with water now I'm adding about a
teaspoon or so of salt just to season
the water and then we'll take them over
to the stove and bring them up to the
boil now they need to cook for about 15
minutes or until the potatoes are nice
and tender
now when you take a knife and you push
it into the potato and it goes through
without any resistance you know your
potatoes are ready to mash so I bring my
saucepan over to the sink and just
holding the lid on at an angle we should
just pour out the hot water now if you
take your meshes straight away and try
to mesh those potatoes they'll be a
little bit dry so to make our mashed
potato a little smoother I'm just going
to add a knob of butter into there and a
splash or so of full cream milk and now
that's a lot easier to mash up to a
smooth mashed potato so now our mash is
ready we're just set that aside and get
on and prepare the colcannon now
traditionally cabbage or kale is used
but I really think kale is the best and
I've got my kale here we just want to
pull the leaves off the side we don't
want the stalks because they're a little
bit tough now once it's off the stalks
we're just going to take a knife and
roughly chop this up it doesn't have to
be too accurate we're just going to
break it into smaller pieces and then we
can lift those and put them into a large
saucepan and now I'm going to put water
into this pot probably only about an
inch and we're going to bring that up to
the boil and then simmer it for about
five minutes that should allow the kale
to wilt down and just one last little
point whilst that comes up to the boil
I'm just going to season that with a
little bit of salt so whilst our kale is
on to a boil I'm just going to take
three onions here I'll just cut the tops
off and then we're going to finely slice
these up so we have three spring onions
they're finely diced then I've got a
small saucepan here and I've got half a
cup of full thick cream and we're just
going to take those spring onions now
and pop them in the cream and then we're
going to take that over to the stove and
we just bring that up to a simmer so
when that cream has come up to a boil
I'm just gonna turn it off and let the
onions continue to cook a little bit now
if you come over here you can see my
kale whoops is that too much steam my
kale is completely wilted down and that
now is ready to use the potatoes of
course are all mashed and on the side
now strain the kale from the big
saucepan and I'm bringing my creamy
mashed potato over and putting it into
that pan I'm going to add another
decent-sized knob of butter into there
and then in goes my cream which is now
infused with the flavor of those spring
onions
and now that kale that we've drained all
the water out of that goes in and then
we're going to thoroughly mix this
together now I've seen people use
blenders with this but I really think it
makes it too fine it's meant to have
lots of texture in it
and I want to season this with a good
twist of black pepper and that really is
just to taste now there is my beautiful
colcannon
it's getting ready to serve but what
about the kangaroo well I've got here
some lovely kangaroo bangers or kangaroo
snags as we call them I'm just going to
cook those up where the punchline of the
story at the end was the Irishman came
out with a taste for ooh and why not
because they are delicious I've got some
kangaroo snags here I'm just going to
cut them up into small slices now I've
got my cold cannon here in a bowl and
I'm just going to do the traditional
thing which is to make a little divot in
the top but a bit of butter in there
that'll melt and I'm taking my little
roof snags and I'm just dropping them
around the outside now core cannon
itself is a wonderful dish and with a
little bit of sausage in there it just
adds a meatiness that I absolutely love
and I can tell you I can't wait to get
stuck into this it looks delicious the
colors are fantastic
give this colcannon a try no wonder this
is one of the most popular Irish dishes
it is fantastic it is delicious I hope
you don't mind me but in the sausage in
with it it was a bit of fun an Irish
friend of mine suggested it so we went
for it guys
please subscribe to the channel and
share the love give this video the
thumbs up we'll be doing some more scent
packs with these videos coming up
shortly be good see you next time I hope
everybody all over the world that
celebrates impacts which they will love
this video I'm going to leave some links
to some other videos here I'd appreciate
your comments please subscribe to stay
in touch be good see you next time